freebsd-audit: added documentation of the source (#205)
syslog-ng/syslog-ng.github.io: doc/_admin-guide/060_Sources/030_Freebsd-audit/000_freebsd_audit_source_options.md

---
title: freebsd-audit() source options
id: adm-src-freebsd-audit-opt
description: >-
    The freebsd-audit() sources serve the output of the praudit command line tool to the log pipe for further processing.
---

> Technically, this sources is a specialized versions of a program() source that uses the FreeBSD `praudit` command line tool to collect the audit logs. See the program() source options for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Technically, this source is a specialized version of a program() source that uses the FreeBSD `praudit` command line tool to collect the audit logs. See the program() source options for more details.
```
